Treatment of the emperor
You participate in contempt
Prime Minister
What about the people in our organization?
Uh, Your Majesty, due to the lack of time
I haven't found anyone yet
Well, in that case
Then we can only delay it for a few days and try again, okay?
If not today
Then you might as well just admit defeat
Give up the Liaodong area and share it with me
That being the case
It can only be so
Prime Minister, what do you think?
Haojun
If you dare to cede Liaodong to perish with you
concubine love concubine
Don't kill me!
Don't kill me
I listen to you
Don't cede Liaodong
What is this fool doing?
Sure enough, he is a fool
He was beaten and abused by a girl with an arrow
I call this husband and wife emotion.
You know a hammer
Well, are you competing or not?
Compare, why not compare
I will rain like a cloud
Literature will be like rain
Which one of you is not on the Golden List?
More than enough for you